# Solution Overview

Parsing the source code string into a node tree (using `ast`), we are able to check for function/class definitions and the variables assigned inside them.

The idea behind the solution is to walk the node tree generated by ast searching for the following:

- Variable assignment nodes
  - In this case, we just extract the variable names. Mind that there are two primitive types of variable assignment in python: single `(x=1)` and tuple `(x, y = 1, 2)`
- Function definition nodes
  - In this case, we must walk traverse the function definition syntax searching for variable assignments and arguments, and then extract the variables
- Class definition nodes
  - This case is similar to the function definition, but here we are searching for **function definitions** and **class name definitions**.

And always save the variable names in a list.
<br>

After walking through all the nodes, we have a list of all the assigned variables. Then we must remove the variable names that are not in the received `target_var_names` list and the Python built-in variable names and return the result.


## Helper functions

To improve code comprehension and organization, 3 helper functions were created:

### extract_variable_names

Function that reads the variable assignment node instances, returning the variable name for both single and tuple variable assignments.


### traverse_definitions

Function that walks the received node searching for variable assignments **and** arguments. 
For variables, the function `extract_variable_names` is called to save the variable names. 
For arguments, its name is saved on the list.


### traverse_class

Function called exclusively for class type nodes. It walks the node searching for function definitions inside the class and calls the `traverse_definitions` to walk the class node searching for variables and arguments


## Main Function - find_variable_assignments

On the main function, the source code string is parsed and the tree is walked. 
For each node, the conditions are verified:

- If it is a variable assignment node:
  - `extract_variable_names` is called to set the names on the list

- If it is a function definition node:
  - the node name is saved on the list (it's a function name)
  - `traverse_definitions` is called to search for variables and arguments

- If it is a class definition node:
  - the node name is saved on the list (it's a class name)
  - `traverse_class` is called to search for function definitions inside class

After all these steps, the list `assigned_vars` contains all the variable names, function names, and class names that were assigned or defined.

Then, we remove from the list all the variable names that are on the `target_var_names` list.

After this, also remove the Python builtIns (using the native `dir(__builtins__)`) from the list and return the result.